⭐ How JavaScript Code is executed? with How JavaScript Works & Execution Context
Everything Happens inside an Execution Context.
They are separated by Memory and Code Components.
Also JavaScript is a SYCHRONOUS, SINGLE-THREADED language.
There are two phases which is done when executing a JavaScript Code
The first is Memory Allocation and the Second is Code Execution remember after executing all lines of code all functions get deleted.
At every function creation in Code content a new execution content is created.
There is a GEC Global Execution Content inside that all the operations occur.
Call Stack maintains the order of execution of Execution Content in order to maintain all the function's consistency. 
Call stack takes the function runs it then after processing when it ends Call Stack removes the function from the Execution Content.(Refer to Images)

⭐ Hoisting in JavaScript
1. In JS, before the code is executed, the variables get initialized to undefined.
2. Arrow functions enact as variables and get "undefined" during the memory creation phase while functions actually get run.
3. Hoisting: Mechanism in JS where the variable declarations are moved to the top of the scope before execution. Therefore it is possible to call a function before initializing it.
4. Whenever a JS program is run, a global execution block is created, which comprises of 2: Memory creation and Code execution.
5. Variable declarations are scanned and are made undefined
6. Function declarations are scanned and are made available

⭐ How Functions Work
1. We learnt how functions work in JS.
2. At first a global execution context is created, which consists of Memory and code and has 2 phases: Memory allocation phase and code execution phase.
3. In the first phase, the variables are assigned "undefined" while functions have their own code.
4. Whenever there is a function declaration in the code, a separate local execution context gets created having its own phases and is pushed into the call stack.
5. Once the function ends, the EC is removed from the call stack.
6. When the program ends, even the global EC is pulled out of the call stack.

⭐ Shortest JS Program Window(Object) & this keyword
1. Shortest Program in JS: Empty file. Still, browsers make global EC and global space along with Window object.
2. Global Space: Anything that is not in a function, is in the global space.
3. Variables present in a global space can be accessed by a "window" object. (like window.a)
4. In global space, (this === window) object.

⭐Undefined vs not Defined 
1. Undefined is like a placeholder till a variable is not assigned a value.
2. undefined !== not defined
3. JS- weakly typed language since it doesn't depend on data type declarations.

⭐ The Scope Chain, 🔥Scope & Lexical Environment 
1. Lexical environment = EC's Local Memory + Reference to Lexical Environment of its parent.
2. Lexical Environment of its parent is the scope where a function is physically present or defined. So, suppose a function x(), is defined and invoked in the GEC, when function x()'s EC is pushed in the call stack, it stores a reference to its parent's lexical environment i.e. the GEC's memory.
3. Whenever a new Execution Context is pushed in the Call Stack it holds a reference to the Lexical Environment of its parent, i.e. the EC's memory from where it was invoked.
4. Global execution context holds reference to null.
5. Javascript engine first looks for the variable/function being accessed in the local scope of the function, and if not found, it keeps on searching the lexical environment of its parent until it finds the variable/function being accessed.
6. The mechanism mentioned in point 4 above is called SCOPE CHAIN.
7. If the variable accessed is not found in the Scope Chain, then you will get the variable is not defined error in the browser's console.

⭐let & const in JS 🔥Temporal Dead Zone
1. let and const are hoisted but its memory is allocated at other place than window which cannot be accessed before initialisation.
2. Temporal Dead Zone exists until variable is declared and assigned a value.
3. window.variable OR this.variable will not give value of variable defined using let or const.
4. We cannot redeclare the same variable with let/const(even with using var the second time).
5. const variable declaration and initialisation must be done on the same line.
6. There are three types of error: [1] referenceError {given where variable does not have memory allocation} [2] typeError {given when we change type that is not supposed to be changed} [3] syntaxError {when proper syntax(way of writing a statement) is not used}.
7. Use const wherever possible followed by let, Use var as little as possible(only if you have to). It helps avoid error.
8. Initialising variables at the top is good idea, helps shrinks TDZ to zero.

⭐ Block Scope & Shadowing in JS
1. Code inside curly bracket is called block.
2. Multiple statements are grouped inside a block so it can be written where JS expects single statements like in if, else, loop, function etc.
3. Block values are stored inside separate memory than global. They are stored in block. (the reason let and const are called block scope)
4. Shadowing of variables using var, let and const.
5. The shadow should not cross the scope of original otherwise it will give error.
6. shadowing let with var is illegal shadowing and gives error.
7. var value is stored in nearest outer function or global scope and hence can be accessed outside block as well whereas same is not the case with let and const.